
# Analyzing the WeRateDogs Tweets
## by Mário Damhur

## Introduction

The dataset is the tweet archive of Twitter user [@dog_rates](https://twitter.com/dog_rates), also known as [WeRateDogs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WeRateDogs). WeRateDogs is a Twitter account that rates people's dogs with a humorous comment about the dog. These ratings almost always have a denominator of 10. The numerators, though? Almost always greater than 10. 11/10, 12/10, 13/10, etc. Why? Because "they're good dogs Brent." WeRateDogs has over 4 million followers and has received international media coverage.

## The Data
### Enhanced Twitter Archive

The WeRateDogs Twitter archive contains basic tweet data for all 5000+ of their tweets, but not everything. One column the archive does contain though: each tweet's text, which it was used to extract rating, dog name, and dog "stage" (i.e. doggo, floofer, pupper, and puppo) to make this Twitter archive "enhanced." Of the 5000+ tweets, It was filtered by tweets with ratings only (there are 2356).

### Additional Data via the Twitter API

Back to the basic-ness of Twitter archives: retweet count and favorite count are two of the notable column omissions. Fortunately, this additional data can be gathered by anyone from Twitter's API. Well, "anyone" who has access to data for the 3000 most recent tweets, at least. Because we have the WeRateDogs Twitter archive and specifically the tweet IDs within it, can gather this data for all 5000+.

### Image Predictions File

One more cool thing: It was ran every image in the WeRateDogs Twitter archive through a neural network that can classify breeds of dogs*. The results: a table full of image predictions (the top three only) alongside each tweet ID, image URL, and the image number that corresponded to the most confident prediction (numbered 1 to 4 since tweets can have up to four images).


## Summary of Findings

We will analyzing some features in order to answer some questions about the dataset after the wrangling data process

- Why didn't the model consider the image as a dog?
- There is a correlation between the numeric features of our dataset?
- What are the most popular dog names?

## Files

- **act_report.pdf**: File that communicates the insights and displays the visualization(s) produced from your wrangled data.
- **image_predictions.tsv**: Image predictions dataset.
- **tweet_json.txt**: Json generated by the Twitter API.
- **twitter-archive-enhanced.csv**: Dataset provided by Udacity.
- **README<span>.md</span>**: This file.
- **twitter_archive_master.csv**: Final dataset generated after the cleaness process.
- **wrangle_act.ipynb**: Jupyter notebook containing the wrangling data process and the insights analysis.
- **wrangle_report.pdf**: File that communicates the wrangling data process.

## Python Libraries Used
- **numpy**
- **pandas**
- **matplotlib**
- **tweepy**
- **urllib**
- **requests**
- **json**
- **seaborn**
- **wordcloud**
- **os**
